look guys there was some kind of
altercation on the hill between
durianrider
and Sam with Dexter standing there as a
third man or a witness what's wrong
golly Magoffin throw me off the block
Diddy oh and maybe you did why isn't why
would I jump off the block with Holly I
don't want anything to do with him huh
oh now he's only camera now he's
different now he's different the
different Holly's out attrition practise
girlfriend was there I can't imagine how
ashamed she was fever probably Fred if
there's one thing worse than having a
tough guy for a boyfriend it's having a
fake tough guy it's having someone who
pretends to be a tough guy it's having
someone posturing and faking it what who
doesn't back it up whoo-hoo I would feel
so ashamed if I were in her shoes I'd
now she'll ever live this down just her
whole relationship with him man this is
a walk of shame that's gonna last the
rest of her life her being in this
relationship and her playing that
position but any case durianrider tried
to instigate a conflict of some kind I
don't even know what rule the police
reports play at this point or if it
matters whether or not this qualifies as
assault by some technical or legal
definition I think that's all kind of
irrelevant you just pulled me off the
bike so why'd you throw me off the bike
so you'd say you know what now don't be
a little [ __ ] saying and what am i
doing as a [ __ ] hypocritical the Holly
the HIPAA cruise why you want to fight
me that's why I guess what I want to
talk about here is the tough-guy
posturing itself I've seen durianrider
make comments on the Internet referring
to me as if I'm on hiding
as if I'm hiding from him I've seen
during Ryder and his supporters referred
to me as if I was the one who played the
victim in this scenario and the irony is
one year ago I was the one guy who never
hid who never backed down I said the
durianrider straight up okay you want
you want to beat me up see me when you
see me let's let's meet do you want to
me to the police station you wanted me
to
to shop joining me to karaoke do you
want to meet in a boxing ring I made
myself available and this wasn't just in
the face of threats of personal violence
at durianrider directly beating me up
but he was repeatedly saying you would
have a gang of people beat me up and I
said okay don't act like it's hard to
find me see me when you see me let's
let's meet up it's made up if this is
what it has to beat wanted to add in
this comment um everyone else in the
game everyone they've changed so much in
one year and that's why it's striking
that the one person who hasn't changed
is durianrider Jerry writers making the
same threats engaging in the same
behavior when everyone else I mean even
freely her whole life has changed and
her content of the Internet is change my
whole life has changed so much new job
new girlfriend new apartment new home
new career new outlook on life in so
many ways my life has changed has
changed for the better so much in this
last year I now speak a new language one
year ago I couldn't really speak Chinese
worth a damn now I speak it every day my
life has changed so much Lauren Kenzie's
life has changed so much freelee's life
has changed with Jason Posey knows life
has changed so much whether people close
down their YouTube careers their
channels disappeared took on new
directions Dexter channel has changed so
much all these people have been through
a period of tremendous personal
transformation including a huge number
of the people who were formerly during
writer supporters and now are not the
one person who hasn't changed at all his
durianrider and in a profound way that
remains really sad to see now I also
offered a lot of other more positive and
conciliatory ways out of the conflict I
gave him a whole range of options and he
took none of them instead what he wanted
to do was continue trying to instigate
violence against me while he played the
victim which is especially despicable he
tries to make you know that he was the
victim of aggression whereas in fact he
was the instigator and that's the same
actress II him do again now but another
pattern a lot of you might not have
noticed was that one year ago when he
was trying to start the fight with me
and I just said okay let's do it if
that's what it's got to be I mean I'd
rather take option A B or C
but if you're closing the door on those
more positive nonviolent options okay
sometimes you gotta take option D if
that's what it's got to be seem when you
see me I'm not gonna back down I'm not
gonna run away I'm not gonna hide and at
the same time that he was instigating
with me he started instigating with Jake
Eames and Jake Eames appeared on this
channel he asked me to take the video
down so it's now down but I remember I
got a lot of fan mail asking me how big
I am because Jake Eames is a much
smaller dude than me and when he was
sitting next to me recording this video
recorded video with the camera on two of
us live
you know his two of us in the same room
not via Skype or anything I looked
enormous sitting next to Jake just you
know the level of my shoulders and the
width of my shoulders you know this is
partly just an optical illusion when you
put a big guy next to a smaller dude he
looks smaller and I look larger that's a
trick of the light whatever you want to
say now in reality I'm not that big of
guy I'm about one inch taller than
Tyrion Ryder maybe an inch and a half
I'm about one year younger than
durianrider maybe year and a half
durianrider has repeatedly referred to
me as if I'm a giant he refers to me as
being much larger than he is which I'm
not it actually probably would be a fair
fight if he showed up durianrider claims
to be a professional athlete and he
openly talks about his use of
performance-enhancing drugs this is not
something I'm alleging he has openly
talked about its use of steroids you
know he claims to be a health full-time
health weight loss and fitness guru
whereas I have no claims of that kind
whatsoever I have a desk job I have a
desk job I teach at a university and I
am at the same time a university student
completing my second university degree
my first degrees in political science
second one is an Asian Studies there's
probably gonna be a third university
degree after that sadly it's how the
academic treadmill goes but I'm working
on a very different set of credentials
and basically in my spare time to keep
in shape I do some push-ups I lift some
weights and I'm in ok shape compared to
the average 38 year old in my line of
work that's all I would say about myself
and you know aside from that I rep the
vegan
cause
you know Dexter got a really good line
in when he was up on the mountain having
this confrontation with Darien Ryder
Dexter said to durianrider face-to-face
at this point it isn't even about
veganism anymore and that is really
worth dwelling on believe me I'm the
first person to preach against violence
of any kind I don't like the tough-guy
posturing I don't like the phony
radicalism I don't like people like Gary
Yourofsky who openly endorsed violent
methods of protest activism and lobbying
for social change I don't like you know
vegan terrorist groups like the a LF
Animal Liberation Front
I disapprove all that I have many many
videos talking about that but what
Dexter gets across during Ryder
face-to-face quite succinctly and quite
sincerely it's just to say to him hey
look you're creating a violent conflict
an altercation that's just about your
personality that's just about your ego
that's just about your little cult of
followers this isn't even about veganism
anymore and I think that really is worth
dwelling on Dexter despite it being a
very tense and difficult situation I
think he actually gave voice to a number
of important issues in that video this
video showing them coming to the brink
of a fistfight and then not really
having a fistfight at all if it's not
about the future of the movement if it's
not about veganism what are we fighting
for and if this festival or this event
if these organizations if it's not for
the animals for ecology for the future
of veganism of movement etc etc what is
it for what what are we fighting for in
the other hand what are we cooperating
for or what are we failing to cooperate
for I mean either this has got to be
about the future of the movement or it
is nothing worth and I don't think
anyone watching that video thanks for
even a split second that durianrider is
having this confrontation for or about
veganism it's about him and I wouldn't
even say it's about his his seeking Fame
I don't think of durianrider as someone
who enjoys fame I think of him as
someone who was terrified of losing the
little bit of Fame that he's got
I think he's purely acting on fear
because once he does lose his fame all
the way once
she hits rock bottom and he recognises
it he's gonna have to look back on the
last five years of his life and realized
that he squandered the one positive
opportunity he ever had he had the
greatest opportunity in the world and he
squandered it and he squandered doing
what creating conflicts like this
conflicts not just with Sam and not just
with me but conflicts with Tana mojo a
whole long list of Instagram models
oh he created conflicts with all of his
close personal friends there was a time
when Jason pizanno was his close
personal friend and by the way you know
talking about that in this tough-guy
nonsense I remember asking people like
Posey know who used to really know
during Ryder personally really just
spend time so you know if we actually
had the boxing match being durianrider
who who do you think would win and every
time those guys the guys new purse they
just said aisel you would it would be
completely one side so you would win one
added I don't know why they felt that
way I don't know if it's just overall
size or bulk or what but all those
people said to me during Ryder wouldn't
stand a chance and that is at bottom
what explains this behavior if you were
to ask me why is Doreen Ryder
instigating a fight with Sam when he
refused to meet up with me when he
refused to follow through with the
threats you made against me when I
offered I said I'm not hiding I'm right
here where do you want to meet see him
when you see me why did he back down
against me and instigate with Sam for
the same reasons that he backed down
against me and then tried to instigate
with J Keynes durianrider is a bully
durianrider
is a coward he only wants to punch
people who are smaller than him and I do
think that Sam is a few inches smaller
than Terry matter as far as I know I'm
really not that much bigger than
durianrider I'm definitely not that much
younger than him were approximately the
same height approximately the same age
to all accounts he's in way better
physical condition than I am
but again I don't want to glorify
violence of any kind whether it's
recreational violence personal personal
violence violence than the movement
you can win a fight and still be in
physical pain for weeks afterwards you
can be the guy who wins the fight and
your face is swollen up and your teeth
all feel like they're in the wrong place
you got horrible pain in your ribs
fistfights are nasty terrible things in
terms of human evolution guys we did not
invoke we did not evolve this fist to
hunt animals the only purpose of the
human fist it's not to handle tools it's
not to make friends the human fist was
evolved for violence of one human being
against another that's its evolutionary
purpose its structural purpose etc we
don't punch out a deer you don't punch
out a gazelle when you're evolving in
North Africa human beings of all the
fists for violence within our own
species which is of course one of the
defining traits of our species and human
life is fragile one a human being can
die from one punch it's a real
scientific fact a human beings life can
be irrevocably changed by one punch the
way your face looks the way your nose is
shaped can be changed forever by one
punch boxing is a sport that leads to
brain damage and an early death even
when it's done with all the bests you
know professional safety features and
what have you
I don't glorify this at all but sure
durianrider raises the question again
and again of who is gonna stand up to
him who was gonna stand up to his lies
who was gonna stand up to his bad advice
than the movement and who's gonna back
down and slink away and play his game by
his rules and I was one of the guys who
stood up and said hey if this is what it
has to be I would rather have options a
B or C I'd rather do something positive
and nonviolent and cooperative I'd
rather talk it out or do something
positive the future thinking movement
but if it's got to be option D if you're
closing door to everything else if this
is where you're gonna take it if this is
the only thing you can respect if this
is the only way we can move forward okay
let's square dance C me where you see me
and durianrider was not just dishonest
he was not just an intellectual coward
he was not just a moral coward
he was a physical coward he backed down
and he ran away and at the same time was
trying to start fist fights with guys
like Jake Eames that were smaller than
him because he only wanted to start
fights that he could win and that durian
really is despicable
lucielle